let's go ahead and make something for
the breakfast today like super simple
masala omelette quick and simple recipe
for masala omelette here in my bowl I
have two medium-sized eggs well vegan
and in this we are going to add our
spices which includes Holly that's
turmeric red chilli powder black pepper
powder salt and garam masala and for
veggies we are going to use onions green
chillies tomatoes green onions and green
pepper so in our well beaten eggs we are
going to add salt should be as per taste
I'm adding about half a TSP black pepper
powder 1/4 of a teaspoon red chili
powder as per taste 1/2 a TSP for me
turmeric that's healthy 1/2 a teaspoon
and 1/2 a teaspoon of garam masala now
go ahead and add your veggies so 2
tablespoons onions 2 tablespoons tomato
green pepper and green onions and we'll
whisk everything well together mix them
together so I think and veggie mixture
is ready we'll go ahead and add it over
our pan 2 tablespoons of oil heating up
in our pan and we'll go ahead and simply
add our eggs and we'll cook both sides
until you get the desired turn color so
let it cook on one side and then flip it
over so just pick it up and flip it over
gently press it down this side
once both sides are nice and golden your
masala omelet is ready go ahead enjoy it
with a piece of toast hope you enjoyed
the recipe I'll see you soon with
something more exciting so to keep
watching it East Indian channel